Misunderstood me
You didn't touch him at all. Get out of here
Otherwise, I'll call security to invite you
You weren't like this when you were in school
Don't compare with me
We don't know each other well.
Customers are gods, don't you understand?
If you have the ability of Cao Cao
I dare not offend you.
Do you have the ability?
Look good.
I am also the owner.
This is the key to Villa 1
That's a half-billion dollar house.
This is your house.
Not bad I bah
I don't know your details yet
You are a stinky cabbage. Where did you get the money?
Tell me where this key was stolen from
Don't falsely accuse people
This is what my dad gave me
Hahahaha, you want to laugh me to death?
Your goddamn dad
Didn't you abandon your mother since you were young?
Where did you get your dad?
I'm not the wild man your mother found, am I?
How come?
What do you want?